joana machado you can join
look here, the great champion
deservedly the Argentinean shrunk
bolivia is a whole and to bring them here
a little more fun and we bring a
person who was also tagged with his or her
performance on the recent reality TV show
another type completely
edson that is practically not
a competition but it is a display for
talk like this I want to satisfy
many of my curiosities to
respect for what happened there
hello val marchiori
the forward is well on that winner 2010
it's the val you're a stamped figure
You know, you have only one style.
emerging
We are imagining you on the farm.
isper 2 and if you think it happens in
study and go crazy in there no people
I can not really think of pobrinha
champagne on the champagnat farm in
beautiful like this golf movie
hairdresser will do the hair neither
dryer or dryer will ironing one
bathroom for 16 people text us
do not give me to the farm will make a
Luxurious dinner looks there
invite us to take the champagne there
powder
rich women think it is totally
different is not cool to see the reality
shows that people like the most is joseph
is to see this differential even more
Tell people of rich women then
here how was this story is a
international format is also just not
as it already has tacho or inadequate formed
from the Brazilian reality where she sings
The people's bay works to fight for
survive and you come with your
futility in excess of the program now
third to be very honest I
I had a lot of fun with you, but what?
looks at a rather empty thing who likes
of intellectual poverty, people do not
home one day tired will be turn on the tv only
I have to kill anyone who says grace.
that comes with the beautiful light sleep
calm is that people imagine
A humble poor girl is born
My mother, my grandmother, my sister, my
image as the prima housed in prize
How beautiful that beautiful glass I wanted
take off that beautiful dress and so on
I saw that people like them too.
no it's not a crime so many people had
criticism and popcorn
but a lot of people liked it and one of the things
I think the call thus more
attention that did not kind to the time I
I'm rich sometimes and in the wrong
Portuguese sometimes I play I've been bad
as I am here as I am so the
I do not even talk like a river.
But funny or I did not like you
clothing and stay as I am not false
're beautiful I mention that I spent you will
want to get out and there we need to like it
he said one thing that is true the
people you 're watching
Can you see our eyes, people?
it's kind of not good but a lot
people said what you are
playing a character I created
you and you carry on the paints
but we have because to have grace
nor who wants to watch because adilson is
cool because he made a novel is
novel and a half you know is only at the end
that everything works out right or not that thing
can change the other real life of the
real life show is better definition
the new suddenly she brigola copy there
hit your that finally changed everything
There's going to be one like this today. I 'm loving it.
their faces I started the phrase that
out of my world come out then ask
Good game, she wants to use you.
about the return is what she did to
her participation in the southwest a movie
that existed was fun is not much I
It was too funny, I did not
I know sometimes I thought here is what I hear
talk a little overdone know a little
out of reality and so much
futility knows we went new
york times and the guardian of london
that it was not because of the fact that
to be a thing other than grotesque
contraction assures me it is not because I
there until now the program is provoking
failure until the failure is an excuse but it was
you were not personal and sincere no more
now it's only missing here is because god she
said the grotesque was to do not know
that will not be I think I do not like
but I love the way you are talking about
me even more damage in the world if I
were you going to know that he got better?
half needs to improve I think
I was even diving in luck.
who is turning short aeg shows
not easy to catch the mall hall is
not
the money who has the courage as you
do not you think I admire who
have the courage to bless the pension has
in the store you can not wear a bikini
for the hair do not have there already
we have a new recall renew it already rains
He had not yet spoken to about it
put agents and wealthy woman and men
until Edel looks at you
love juno eike batista just think who
more Alvaro Garneiro and you pinto 5 a
Version rich men I I found that
champagne brazil gave only one thing